Now we're going to practice how to implement breadth-first search encode.
So as a reminder, breadth-first search is visiting the tree one level at a time.
So if this was level zero,
we'd visit this node,
and if this was level one,
these two nodes, we'd visit all of these first
before moving on to the next level and visiting this one.
I just want to mention that breadth-first search is quite useful.
You'll see this again when you learn about
graph data structures and learn about finding the shortest path.
So let's walk through it conceptually,
we start visiting the root node,
then its left child,
and then its right child before we move on to the next level,
to visit this node here.
Notice unlike DFS, we visited B and C before visiting D.